hey how's it gone
Dave 2d here so this is a Lenovo yoga 9
20 and this is their hybrid - one device
their fortune in screen device and this
is a product that's been very well
received by the media by reviewers by
critics they enjoy this thing a lot and
I've actually been using mine for about
three weeks I didn't do a review earlier
because I've actually been using this
thing as a required piece of equipment
at work because I needed a two-in-one
tablet there and I've been using this
one and I would agree that this is a
good product overall I think there's a
lot of stuff I love about it but there's
one thing that really bugs me about this
product and it's the tablet mode now I
don't talk about things that I do like
to but first it's a very well-built
device I would say this is one of the
best-built devices from the novo
especially at this price point they went
with good material choices it's aluminum
all around and the design looks good but
there's a lot of sharp edges around this
whole product and when you use it in
tablet form those sharp edges are really
pronounced like you're looking at
basically edges on the top the bottom
the sides it's sharp all around and I
really don't like holding this device in
a tablet form I feel like a two-in-one
tablet device shouldn't be this sharp on
the edges now the hinge that they use is
the classic Lenovo watchband hinge and
it's awesome it's just built really well
this thing has two major benefits first
it allows you to fold the screen all the
way down to the back I mean that's what
makes it the hybrid tune one device that
it is and it's also a really stiff hinge
in the sense that it doesn't matter what
angle you put the screen at it'll hold
its position and just won't flop down or
whatever it's also nice for like artwork
if you're using the pen on it it doesn't
wobble around too much you can open it
up on the bottom it's just a bunch of
Torx screws but when you get in there
it's a little bit disappointing because
the RAM and the drive are extremely
difficult if not impossible to replace
the drive is super fast which is great
but just make sure that you configure it
the way you want right out of the
factory because you won't be able to
easily upgrade the RAM and the storage
now the ports on this thing are good but
limited so you're getting one USB a and
two fender well three ports you'll be
charging the device using one of those
ports and they actually support four
lanes of PCIe so if you have an external
GPU you're going
some bandwidth on this device
performance is really good it's running
the new 8th gen CPUs from Intel and the
multi-core applications really flex on
these CPUs but most applications won't
feel too different from the older
seventh generation CDs just because a
lot of applications aren't capable of
taking advantage of the multi-core stuff
the GPU is capable of playing some
lighter games but nothing crazy fan
noise and thermals are also really
comfortable never gets uncomfortably
loud or hot the performance is quite
good on this thing the keyboard is
excellent lenovo is known for making
really good keyboards and this is one of
them I got used to typing on it really
quickly and it's just a comfortable
spacious keyboard the trackpad has good
and bad the tracking is good Windows
precision drivers can't go wrong with
that the button mechanic is mediocre
it's not a bad click it's just not as
tactile as I'd like it to be you can
hear it it's just more hollow than I'd
like my trackpad speed it's a fine
trackpad just not my favorite screen 4k
panel on this particular one it comes in
a 1080p panel in the base model but the
4k panel is colorful with good viewing
angles but it's not super bright see on
laptops like dedicated laptops I guess
I'm more forgiving for not super bright
screens but on a tuna on Harvard device
I kind of want to see a screen that's
just brighter because you often use it
as a tablet or as a tent mode thing and
when it's in those modes you kind of
need brighter screens because you're not
always sitting at a perfectly angled
desk and stuff like that I would have
liked to have seen a brighter panel but
this was on bad the 4k screens come with
a pen and this feels actually really
similar to the surface pens at least the
new ones 4096 levels of pressure and
it's a nice pen the battery life is
really good it's a nine hour battery
with the screen at 250 nits and that's
what the 4k panel if you're running the
lower rest screen the 1080p panel
my guess is 11 hours maybe 11 and a half
hours so full day battery with ease the
webcam looks like this like the image
quality is decent it's not super high
resolution but the colors look ok the
image is actually shot from the top
middle of the screen which is rare
because on a thin bezel screen like this
usually shoots in the bottom looks up
your nose
this looks normal which I like the
speakers are pretty mediocre I don't
love them they don't sound bad it's just
that they're positioned poorly so in
laptop mode they're positioned right on
the bottom they just literally fire
right in
the table with like a millimeter of gap
it just distorts the sound really poorly
in tent mode it's a little better but
you basically have this echo chamber
where the sound bounces back and forth
and again it just distorts the sound
it's also not great in tablet mode
because the speakers are right behind
the screen and the sound just kind of
gets distorted and muffled by the
position again so overall I think this
is a good device a great device if you
use it as a laptop predominantly so if
you just almost never use it for other
things other than a laptop this is a
great pick up I think this is one of the
best tuned one hybrid devices that have
used when it comes to a laptop device
but the moment you use it as a tablet
things just don't feel comfortable for
me I just don't enjoy the weight I don't
enjoy the ergonomics I certainly don't
enjoy the sharp edges like it's just
something that and I've been using this
for three weeks now pretty regularly I
don't think I'll ever get used to it so
if that bothers you then you probably
shouldn't get this device which makes it
weird because that's what this was for
the whole tune one thing but yeah that's
what we have okay hope you guys enjoyed
this video thumbs we liked it
subs you've loved it see you guys next
time
[Music]